yeaaah alright people today we're gonna
be looking at some fingering from the
Goldberg Variations the first variation
and you can see here I printed it out
from the internet I've been doing some
analysis of the different chords
thinking about this because the
fingering in this piece is not easy okay
there are a couple of rough patches that
you've got to watch out for even in this
first part here particularly here in
this measure right here know right here
you've got this pattern here see we're
gonna look at this pattern and kind of
think geek about fingering come up with
some useful strategies okay we're gonna
look at a concept here what I call
consistency in progression so you've got
three chords here G in the third
position a minor in the third position
and D major in the first position
alright
so that's the pattern the first time
it's on this than this than this and
we're going for consistency on our
strategy here in two points first the
start finger which is four like that
the second point is the three to one in
as we ascend the scale so see what I'm
doing there
now they're in varies a little bit but
for the first two we've got that 3 2 1
action going and that helps you to
remember your sequence when you're on
automatic alright so it measures 9
through 12 you get a little bit of a
break ok sharp minor each our letter and
then a 7 right but now it gets a little
nasty here with this part so let's take
a closer look at this the next four
measures where the right hand is hopping
over the left so the left hand has a lot
of ground to cover and you want to
explode off of this 3 the third position
but you want to be able to set yourself
up to go down again so 3 is a good
finger to start
here you're on the one finish on the two
and that lets you cover the ground
starting out in the middle staying
flexible alright well so that's it for
the analysis part of the video hope you
enjoyed it thanks for watching I'm going
to give a brief demonstration of the
first half of the piece
enjoy
you